Datasite and its associated businesses are the global center for facilitating economic value creation for companies across the globe. From data rooms to AI deal sourcing

and more. Here you’ll find the finest technological pioneers: Datasite, Blueflame AI, Grata, and Sherpany. They all, collectively, define the future for business growth.

Apply for one position or as many as you like. Talent doesn’t always just go in one direction or fit in a single box. We’re happy to see whatever your superpower is and find the best place for it to flourish.

Get started now, we look forward to meeting you.

Job Description

Sherpany is the Swiss market leader for meeting management software. Since its foundation in 2011, it has pursued the goal of creating a world in which every meeting counts. More than 300 European companies and 12,000 decision-makers already use Sherpany to make their business meetings more productive and thus increase their company’s success. According to a jury of international investors, Sherpany is one of the best scale-ups in Switzerland with the potential to become a unicorn. Sherpany employs over 150 people at six locations in Europe and remotely in 19 countries around the world.

Responsibilities


Lead product communication and go-to-market execution across channels
Own and continuously evolve product messaging and positioning
Drive campaigns, content, and announcements for product launches
Align closely with Product, Sales, and Customer Success to ensure consistent messaging
Act as the central point of coordination for product communication initiatives
Adapt messaging to market needs and identify growth opportunities
Monitor competitors and industry trends to inform strategy
Support pricing and positioning decisions
Optimize and scale marketing processes through automation and continuous improvement


Profile


5+ years of experience in a Product Marketing or related role, ideally in a B2B SaaS environment
Strong understanding of business dynamics and go-to-market strategies
Proven ability to quickly grasp new topics, products, and industries
Hands-on mindset with a focus on execution and continuous improvement
Experience working across multiple roles or disciplines is a plus
Background in Customer Experience, Marketing, or Sales is desirable


Our Recruitment Process


First interview with Talent Acquisition Specialist
Second interview with CPO
Assessment
Final Interview: Meet the team
Offer 🎉


Our company is committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workforce where all individuals are respected and valued. We are an equal opportunity employer and make all employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other protected characteristic. We encourage applications from candidates of all backgrounds and are dedicated to building teams that reflect the diversity of our communities.

See more
Set alert for similar jobs
Product Marketing Specialist, Ruhr Region
Off
Set alert
Dismiss services promo card
See curated AI tools for your job search

Get hired faster with the help of AI tools built by verified companies like Kickresume, Exponent Interview Prep, and more.

Get started
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Candidates who clicked apply
63	total
20	in the past day
Candidate seniority level

43% Senior level candidates

41% Entry level candidates

7% Manager level candidates

2% CXO level candidates

Candidate education level
33%have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)
28%have a Master of Business Administration
17%have a Bachelor's Degree
22%have other degrees
About the company
Datasite
78,408 followers
Follow
Software Development  1,001-5,000 employees  1,457 on LinkedIn

We empower dealmakers around the world with the tools they need to succeed across the entire M&A journey.

Commitments
Career growth and learning
We offer several programs and training solutions for caree