Are you passionate about marketing AND renewable energy?

Do you thrive in creative and data-driven environments? If you're eager to gain hands-on experience in performance marketing, copywriting, and market research while contributing to a fast-growing green tech startup, then this is the role for you – we want YOU!




Please note that for this role, C2 proficiency in German is required. This is a full-time, on-site position based in Berlin.




What You’ll Do

Write compelling copy for ads, landing pages, and social media that convert visitors into leads.
Support in performance marketing by assisting in the creation and optimization of digital campaigns.
Conduct market and competitor research to identify trends and opportunities.
Analyze marketing funnel data to understand performance and suggest improvements.
Think creatively and strategically to test and refine messaging that resonates with our audience.
Collaborate with the team to develop new marketing initiatives based on data insights.




What Makes You a Great Fit

Marketing experience within a SaaS enviroment
Experience in performance marketing, copywriting, and market research.
Creative mindset with a knack for writing engaging content.
Analytical skills with the ability to interpret marketing data and optimize funnels.
Hands-on mentality, eager to learn and experiment.
Strong understanding of digital marketing tools and platforms.
Excellent communication skills in English and German.




Why Join Us?

Be part of one of the fastest growing VC-backed startup in Germany with 2000+ satisfied B2B customers.
A vibrant, collaborative office culture where great ideas happen face-to-face — we're a full in-person team (5 days/week) in a beautiful Berlin office near Hackescher Markt.
Enjoy opportunities for personal and professional growth.
Embrace the freedom to innovate and make quick changes in a dynamic team.
Perks include gym membership, coffee, regular team events, MacBook and more.
Receive competitive pay.




Even if you don’t meet every requirement, we encourage you to apply! Imposter syndrome shouldn't hold you back—we value talent and passion above all.




About Reonic

At Reonic, we’re on a mission to simplify renewable technology with our B2B SaaS solutions for solar, storage, and heat pumps. Backed by top-tier investors and trusted by 2000+ business customers, we’re growing fast—and we need YOU to help us accommodate our new and existing customers.

See more
Set alert for similar jobs
Digital Marketing Specialist, Berlin, Germany
Off
Set alert
Dismiss services promo card
See curated AI tools for your job search

Get hired faster with the help of AI tools built by verified companies like Kickresume, Exponent Interview Prep, and more.

Get started
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Candidates who clicked apply
50	total
12	in the past day
Candidate seniority level

40% Senior level candidates

37% Entry level candidates

5% Manager level candidates

Candidate education level
36%have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)
26%have a Master of Business Administration
10%have a Master of Science
28%have other degrees
About the company
Reonic
13,316 followers
Follow
Software Development  51-200 employees  123 on LinkedIn

Reonic enables renewable energy installers to sell, design and install systems better and faster than ever before.

Show more