Brand Manager | Hybrid | Salary: €67,500




We're hiring on behalf of a leading global consumer goods company, renowned for its portfolio of iconic brands that touch billions of lives. This employer fosters a culture of internal promotion and robust employee development, emphasizing continuous learning and growth.




The Role

• Lead the master plans for product, commercial innovations, and marketing elements across all media.

• Develop strong marketing concepts and identify tactics based on consumer, shopper, and customer insights.

• Manage your own business from day one, putting ideas into practice.

• Work within Commercial Operations, Brand Operations, or Sales teams, depending on your skills and interests.

• Contribute to creating meaningful and sustainable brand experiences.




What You'll Need

• Bachelor’s or Master’s degree with strong academic results.

• Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.

• Demonstrated drive for leadership and a strong passion for Brand Management.

• Ability to work effectively with diverse groups, embracing creativity and innovation.

• Proficiency in English and a solid command of German.

• Less than 2 years of work experience after university graduation (excluding internships).




What's On Offer

• Exciting work with responsibility from day one.

• Competitive compensation package with annual performance reviews and a bonus.

• A permanent employment contract in a stable market.

• Comprehensive social benefits including flexible work, pension plan, and development support.




Apply via Haystack today!

See more
Set alert for similar jobs
Marketing Graduate, Hesse, Germany
Off
Set alert
Dismiss services promo card
See curated AI tools for your job search

Get hired faster with the help of AI tools built by verified companies like Kickresume, Exponent Interview Prep, and more.

Get started
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Candidates who clicked apply
47	total
47	in the past day
Candidate seniority level

31% Entry level candidates

28% Senior level candidates

10% Manager level candidates

Candidate education level
69%have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)
18%have a Bachelor's Degree
13%have a Master of Business Administration
About the company
Haystack
38,924 followers
Follow
Technology, Information and Internet  51-200 employees  37 on LinkedIn

Haystack combines AI & expert vetting to deliver world-class tech candidates who are engaged, aligned, and ready to interview.

We're trusted by over 100,000+ UK-based techies, working in Software Engineering, Data, Design, DevOps, Cloud, Tech Management, Testing, Product & Delivery, Architecture and more.

100s of employers from startups and scale-ups like Atom Bank, DuckDuckGo and Goodlord to established enterprises like American Express, Dunelm and AWS use Haystack to connect with qualified tech talent that they can't find anywhere else.
…
show more

Show more